>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So hopping into
the code, I believe I'm on master so
I am going to,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Checkout start.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Here we go.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: We're
not gonna save this.
All right, so let's start, and let's
just look at the projects and component.
And we're not going to
change a lot of this.
Or rather everything underneath
of the projects component itself.
So I'll talk about some
architecture here in a moment.
But everything that we're doing is going
to happen in the container component.
And so
we're going to leave the children, or
the presentation components
completely alone, so
insomuch of this is we are only going to
be refactoring the project component.
So, I'm going to start this up and
while that is going.
Let's look at this, so where we left
this off yesterday is we have a project
service that is making basic ACTP calls.
And so you'll see what happen is you'll
call the service and it'll return
the pay load and you'll either in store
this in the service or so you'll call
ACTP it'll store it in the service or
it'll you can put it in the component.
The problem is that if we go
back to the projects component,
that what happens is we pull
this into this component if
we need to use this data somewhere else.
So, for instance, what if you wanted
to maybe go to a home screen.
And it also needed this project's
collection that we're using over here.
Well because this is stored in
the project's component in this case,
that we would essentially have
to pull that data down and
get like a another collection and
store this in home.
Now what happens if in home somebody
makes a change to that collection?
Well of the sudden now you diverge and you
no longer have a single source of truth.
And so just as shared mutable
state is really, really bad.
Having multiple states
is also sub optimal.
The reason being is that if
something changes over here,
how do you change it over here?
And so this is a very common occurrence,
when you have, for instance,
two components that have the same data.
And one needs to change it here and
either need to find a way to
communicate that it changed or
you need to coordinate the changes so
that you don't blow it up over here.
This can only go up to ten,
this goes up to 11, you have problems.
And so
one of the core tenants] of Redux and
NGRX is that north state
is in a single place.
And so all your state goes
into a single state free so
now I'm actually taking,
going from every service.
Taking all of that state,
every component and
now you put it into a single object graph.
And so all your data is in one place.
So remember I talked
about state management?
Flow of control and code volume.
So now imagine just conceptually,
how much easier is it to manage state,
when all your state is in a single place
all of a sudden that becomes a lot
easier to work with mentally.
Not only that is imagine all
the code across your services and
your components used to manage and
fetch those pieces of state.
All of a sudden now that's condensed and
if it's in only one place then you're not
having to look over here, look over here,
look over here but
you're pulling it from one place.
And so now your flow of
control becomes very simple.
And so already we're seeing just by
putting state management in a single place
that your entire application then can
pull state from, state management becomes
simpler flow of control becomes simpler
and your code volume starts to shrink.
And so with that in mind
single source of truth or
store that now we get
data from the store so
it state flows down and when something
happens it flows back up And so
I will kind of talk about these core
pieces as we start to build this out.
So let's go and let's do a quick tour
of the application and
where we're going to be working out of.
So if you into the lib that there is a new
folder in here and, it's the state folder.
And so you could possibly organize,
this slightly different
depending on how you do this.
So typically, possibly in a lib I might
actually have this services folder and
I put my services feature
organised that by feature.
And in this case we have
the state folder and
we have customers and projects.
And then within that also we
have this top level index.ts.
And so just to explain the pieces here,
we have a very simple example
with the customers just so
we can see the pieces as we build the dow.
So in our index dot T S,
we are producing a top level reducer.
And so, under the hood we are saying,
based on this reducer,
create application state.
And so you notice even here,
that we are defining the shape of your
application state in an interface.
And then we are defining a reducer.
So, a reducer takes some action,
it performs some calculation and
then produces new state
which we're saying this is
going to adhere to this
application stake here.
And then as we start to build this out,
we can start to combine these reducers to
organizer state into various levels or
features.
So in this case customers is
the initial feature that we have.
So all of the customers data
is in the application store.
And the only way that we can access it,
or mutate it, is in or through a reducer.
Which, we then come in to our core,
or rather our state module.
And then we say store module for root,
and then we pass in the reducers.
And so what this is doing, this is
telling the rest of the application
that this is where
the state's gonna pull from.
And this is how you are going
to access it, via the reducers.
So if we go into the projects this is
what we are going to be building out.
And the first thing that
we'll build out is a basic
reducer and more so
initializing the store.
So this is like ground,
like ground one or step one, and
this is the first thing that you need
to do when you are integrating in GRX,
so Is I'm doing this all again continue
to talk about some of the pieces.
So if somebody's unfamiliar with Redux,
I'll try to offer a helpful
commentary along the way.
There are as well some additional snippets
in here, so one, some initial state.
And then we have some
immutable operations here
that we'll hook into our reducers
as we start to build the cell.
The main point is that
everyone of these methods
are performing an immutable operation.
And so once we start to build out
the reducers, I'll explain how and
why these are immutable if somebody's
maybe not familiar with that.